[heartbeat][docs] Add note about ensuring correct index settings for uptime (#31146)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/upgrading.asciidoc

before upgrading {beats}. The {beats} version must be lower than or equal to the
{es} version. {beats} cannot send data to older versions of {es}.

> Users of the Uptime app should make sure to add `synthetics-*` to their "Index Pattern"
> in the Uptime Kibana app's settings page. Heartbeat 8.0 will prefer the synthetics datastream
> by default, rather than the old `heartbeat-*` indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users of the Uptime app should make sure to add `synthetics-*` and `heartbeat-8*` to their "Index Patterns"
in the Uptime Kibana app's settings page. Although, Heartbeat 8.0 will default to writing to the synthetics datastream rather than the old `heartbeat-*` indices, there could still be documents indexed into `heartbeat-8*`.
```

Reviewer: Is the above accurate? I imagine some people would still stick to the old naming pattern. Should we remove `heartbeat-8*` altogether?

before upgrading {beats}. The {beats} version must be lower than or equal to the
{es} version. {beats} cannot send data to older versions of {es}.

> Users of the Uptime app should make sure to add `heartbeat-8*` and `synthetics-*` to their "Index Patterns"
> in the Uptime Kibana app's settings page. The first index is used by newer versions of Heartbeat, while the latter is used by Fleet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the Uptime app in {kib}, make sure you add `heartbeat-8*` and `synthetics-*` to *Uptime indices*
on the {bservability-guide}/configure-uptime-settings.html[Settings page]. The first index is used by newer versions of {beatname_uc}, while the latter is used by {fleet}.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to match the exact language used in the UI, when possible.
